*sick bass line intensifies*



I know a mouse and he hasn't got a house
I don't know why I call him Gerald
He's getting rather old, but he's a good mouse



And when you lose control
You'll reap the harvet you have sown
And as the fear grows
The bad blood slows and turns to stone
And it's too late to lose the weight
You used to need to throw around
So have a good drown, as you go down, all alone
Dragged down by the stone



Lime and limpid green, a second scene, a fight between the blue you once knew
Floating down, the sound resounds around the icy waters underground



{11:24} GUITAR SOLO!!!



Hey, you
Out there on the road, always doing what you're told, can you help me?
Hey, you
Out there beyond the wall, breaking bottles in the hall, can you help me?
Hey, you, don't tell me there's no hope at all
Together we stand, divided we fall
Hey, you, would you help me to carry the stone?
Open your heart, I'm coming home



{3:39} GUITAR SOLO!!!



Who was born in a house full of pain?
Who was trained not to spit in the fan?
Who was told what to do by the man?
Who was broken by trained personnel?
Who was fitted with collar and chain?
Who was given a pat on the back?
Who was breaking away from the pack?
Who was only a stranger at home?
Who was ground down in the end?
Who was found dead on the phone?
Who was dragged down by the stone?
WHO WAS DRAGGED DOWN BY THE STONE?
STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE
STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE



bark bark bark BAAARK



You radiate cold shafts of broken glass!
You're nearly a laugh, but you're really a cry

HAHA!  CHARADE YOU ARE!

You're trying to keep our feelings off the street!
You're nearly a treat, but you're really a cry



Strangers passing in the street
By chance, two separate glances meet
And I am you and what I see is me
And do I take you by the hand,
And lead you through the land,
And help me understand the best I can?



*sick bass line intensifies*



{6:34} GUITAR SOLO!!!



What shall we sue to fill the empty spaces
Where we used to talk?
How shall I fill the final places?
How shall I complete the wall?



And when you lose control
You'll reap the harvet you have sown
And as the fear grows
The bad blood slows and turns to stone
And it's too late to lose the weight
You used to need to throw around
So have a good drown, as you go down, all alone
Dragged down by the stone



Mother did it need to be so high?



THE SHOW MUST GO ON!!!



Good morning, Worm, your honour
The crown will plainly show the prisoner
Who now stands before you
Was caught red-handed, showing feelings
Showing feelings of an almost human nature
This will not do

Crazy, toys in the attic, I am crazy
Truly gone fishing
They must have taken my marbles away
Crazy, over the rainbow I am crazy
Bars in the window
There must have been a door there in the wall
When I came in (crazy, over the rainbow he is crazy)

The evidence before the court is incontrovertible
There's no need for the jury to retire
In all my years of judging, I have never heard before
Of someone more deserving of the full penalty of the law
The way you made them suffer, your exquisite wife and mother,
Fills me with the urge to defecate
(go on Judge, shit on him!)
Since, my friend, you have revealed your deepest fear
I sentence you to be exposed before your peers
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!



stone stone stone stone stone stone stone stone stone stone
stone stone stone stone stone stone stone stone stone stone


*sick bass line intensifies*



Nobody knows where you are, how near or how far



*soulful sax solo subsumes*



Harmlessly passing your time in the grassland away
Only dimly aware of a certain unease in the air
You better watch out! There may be dogs about!
I've looked over Jordan and I've seen things are not what the seem

What do you get for pretending the danger's not real?
Meek and obedient you follow the leader
Down well trodden corridors into the valley of steel

What a suprise!
A look of terminal shock in your eyes!
Now things are really what they seem!
No! This is no bad dream!



{0:15} GUITAR SOLO!!!



Remember when you were young?
You shone like the sun
Now there's a look in your eyes
Like black holes in the sky



*sick bass line intensifies*




-- program is finished running (dropped off bottom) --