*sick bass line intensifies*



I want to tell you a story, about a little man, if i can
A gnome named Grimble Crumble; And little gnomes stay in their homes
He had a big adventure, amidst the grass, fresh air at last
And then one day, Hooray!



Harmlessly passing your time in the grassland away
Only dimly aware of a certain unease in the air
You better watch out! There may be dogs about!
I've looked over Jordan and I've seen things are not what the seem

What do you get for pretending the danger's not real?
Meek and obedient you follow the leader
Down well trodden corridors into the valley of steel

What a suprise!
A look of terminal shock in your eyes!
Now things are really what they seem!
No! This is no bad dream!



I've got a bike, you can ride it if you like :)
It's got a basket a bell that rings, and things to make it look good :)
I'd give it to you if I could, but I borrowed it :)



{9:38} GUITAR SOLO!!!



Daddy's flown across the ocean
Leaving just a memory




{3:36} GUITAR SOLO!!!



Who was born in a house full of pain?
Who was trained not to spit in the fan?
Who was told what to do by the man?
Who was broken by trained personnel?
Who was fitted with collar and chain?
Who was given a pat on the back?
Who was breaking away from the pack?
Who was only a stranger at home?
Who was ground down in the end?
Who was found dead on the phone?
Who was dragged down by the stone?
WHO WAS DRAGGED DOWN BY THE STONE?
STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE
STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE STONE



bark bark bark BAAARK



You radiate cold shafts of broken glass!
You're nearly a laugh, but you're really a cry

HAHA!  CHARADE YOU ARE!

You're trying to keep our feelings off the street!
You're nearly a treat, but you're really a cry



Hey, you
Out there on the road, always doing what you're told, can you help me?
Hey, you
Out there beyond the wall, breaking bottles in the hall, can you help me?
Hey, you, don't tell me there's no hope at all
Together we stand, divided we fall
Hey, you, would you help me to carry the stone?
Open your heart, I'm coming home



*sick bass line intensifies*



{0:57} GUITAR SOLO!!!



What shall we sue to fill the empty spaces
Where we used to talk?
How shall I fill the final places?
How shall I complete the wall?



You gotta be crazy, you gotta have a real need
Gotta sleep on your toes, and when you're on the street
Got to be able to pick out the easy meat with your eyes closed
Then moving in silently, downwind and out of sight
You got to strike when the moment is right without thinking
And after a while, you can work on points for style
Like the club tie, and the firm handshake
A certain look in the sky and an easy smile
You have to be trusted by the people that you lie to
So that when they turn their backs on you
You get the chance to put the knife in



Mother did it need to be so high?



THE SHOW MUST GO ON!!!



Good morning, Worm, your honour
The crown will plainly show the prisoner
Who now stands before you
Was caught red-handed, showing feelings
Showing feelings of an almost human nature
This will not do

Crazy, toys in the attic, I am crazy
Truly gone fishing
They must have taken my marbles away
Crazy, over the rainbow I am crazy
Bars in the window
There must have been a door there in the wall
When I came in (crazy, over the rainbow he is crazy)

The evidence before the court is incontrovertible
There's no need for the jury to retire
In all my years of judging, I have never heard before
Of someone more deserving of the full penalty of the law
The way you made them suffer, your exquisite wife and mother,
Fills me with the urge to defecate
(go on Judge, shit on him!)
Since, my friend, you have revealed your deepest fear
I sentence you to be exposed before your peers
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!
Tear down the wall!



stone stone stone stone stone stone stone stone stone stone
stone stone stone stone stone stone stone stone stone stone


*sick bass line intensifies*



Did the get you to trade?
Your heroes for ghosts?
Hot ashes for trees?
Hot air for a cool breeze?
Cold comfort for change?
Did you exchange?
A walk on part in the war,
For a lead role in a cage?



*soulful sax solo subsumes*



A snapshot in the family album
Daddy, what else did you leave for me?




{9:41} GUITAR SOLO!!!



Pile on many more layers, and I'll be joining you there



*sick bass line intensifies*




-- program is finished running (dropped off bottom) --